The recent
outbreak of the Ebola virus
has now claimed over
100,000 confirmed
victims, at least
a further 30,000
suspected cases. This
Global pandemic is
showing no signs
of slowing down and
infections are out of control.
With no vaccine in sight a
spokesperson from the
World Health
Organization has stated
that humanity is facing
a state of emergency.
Could this be the start
of a new pandemic?
Paul you're late!
Yeah I know,
traffic was crazy.
It's a third time this week,
try to find a better excuse.
Move.
Sorry.
You could have killed us all!
I know.
Get out!
It's all right, calm down,
all right,
He's your friend.
Calm down, it's okay.
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey,
it's all right, it's all right,
it's all right okay.
and um what are we going
to call our little angel hm?
May Lee same
as your grandma.
Hey!
Guzman,
you were charged
with Heroin trafficking,
kidnapping for
pedophile networks and
stealing organs from children.
No, no you're making
a horrible mistake,
you have the wrong man,
I don't know who hired you
but you have the wrong target,
please let me explain.
My employers are never wrong.
May, you all right?
I'm okay it's nothing,
Babe it's not nothing, that's
Ebola virus!
It's too late, Anada.
maybe it's not too
late for our child.
It's too dangerous
we have no choices.
We must keep going okay!
No give her pethadine.
It's too soon, due
day's in 5 weeks.
Prepare for surgery.
We should be okay.
We should be all right please!
I had a student once,
she was like a
a like a daughter
to me. An Angel...
of Death... she she was perfect.
I love you.
But at 14 she
graduated and left me
to
to complete her training.
That's the rules.
I know I wrote them.
Fall in, let's go!
Anada!
Is this her blood? are you sure?
I checked everything
several times,
as soon as I put her
blood in contact with the
virus of May Lee,
her immune system
reacts and inhibits it.
Do you realize what
you've created,
do you realize the impact
of such a discovery?
Run more test on
her with other strains.
No, nothing
has been validated
we must say and do nothing!
Please don't say
anything to anyone,
I don't want my daughter
to become a GUINEA PIG!
Think about what you're saying!
She could save millions
and millions of lives!
I lost
my wife to science!
and I won't lose
my daughter too!
Nothing is proven,
it is inconclusive
and then what, a
vaccine to save who?
Hey we talk to no
one, you understand?
no one!
We
have found something very big,
the key is in the blood
of another's daughter.
He will be a problem
Okay....okay.
Your dad will always
protect you little one.
take her far away from here
I warned her
grandmother already.
What time do you call this?
you'll be late for
your funeral man
you will.
Oh no he won't.
Who the hell are you?
Your daughter is an extremely
valuable asset to my employers
whose interests
include financial gain
Global power and of
course her well-being.
She is safe.
You can do this
the easy way or the
hard way, it's up to you.
You can go to hell! I thought
so, the hard way it is.
With or without you,
we'll find her.
Move move move!
You're looking for a girl right?
All of them,
test every single one of them.
This one.
Leave her alone don't touch her.
I got this.
Step aside Grandpa.
No, I won't let you
Okay.
Sample 22, it's a match.
Her!
Stop her!
No no NO!
I need her alive,
go go go go get the girl.
Make her come back.
No!
NO!
Round them all
up, I want them in
this hut right back here,
lets go move move.
What's the news?
I got in touch with our friend.
He had failed.
Partly.
Is it really reasonable,
to hire a member of the MI6
to take care of our business?
He left the agency,
and you know that
at the same time he always
evolved on his own account,
then it keeps you,
out of the game.
No more errors this
time Mr Delgado.
Guarantee.
By the way,
we have confirmation,
other parties are in play.
I know.
Everything we have tried
since the last 20 years,
has had no effect,
the only solution
is to find that girl
We need her blood.
If we develop a vaccine
against our Ebola virus,
we will reach the Grail,
we will become a state
in the state.
Do you understand Mr Delgado?
Maybe it was better
to wait a little bit,
before launching
this process.
Impossible, it's no longer
time for discussion and
failure is not an option.
There will be no problem...
trust me.
Maya please take
him to the infirmary
I'll see to him later.
Delgado!
Good morning.
Happy to see you
again Mr Steiner.
Thank you for
coming all this way
on such a short notice.
A first class ticket and
50,000 in expenses will
do that every time.
Please have a seat,
you want some breakfast?
No it's fine,
just some coffee.
So I've heard that
you left the MI6,
people like us
never retire do they.
How can I help you?
Do you remember May Lee?
Of course.
I thought she was dead
I spent weeks in that
godforsaken jungle,
looking for that girl.
Weeks!
It took 10 years to locate
her in her Village,
and another 10 years
to find her now,
in any case, she's
still alive and my
partners want her at any price.
You see a new outbreak
can occur at any time
so our sponsor just
wants to be ready,
to save the world.
Worth billions to your
sponsors big pharma,
and just about any
government in the world huh?
Yes.
This is what we
believe she looks like now,
and our informants think
she's hiding in Bangkok,
a city of 18 million people
with lot of places to hide.
We already sent some men but
without success.
So you want me to go in
and clean up your mess?
You burned an entire
village to the ground,
and killed her grandparents.
We were operating
on Thai territory,
without their consent.
Shit happens.
So you want to back
alive this time I presume?
Alive...
at all costs,
we need her as a lab rat.
There are other
groups on the ground,
you will have competition...
listen we have to be the
first to find her,
we spend considerable
sum in trying to
sway public opinion,
no-one believed in
the importance of
Anti-Ebola remedy,
so we were forced to
give nature a
helping hand.
So you need me to bring
her back alive so you can
have control over the vaccine
Absolutely...
but now...
time is also our enemy,
please consider this
as an advance
for your services.
Please use all means.
you deem appropriate.
Dead's a hell of a lot
easier to transport.
Alive, Mr Steiner.... alive...
that is the contract, she
is the key to everything.
Good morning children!
So, everything you undertake
must be done with
faith and resolution.
Whatever the result is,
it's the path that counts.
Who doesn't agree?
Yes?
Sister, I'd rather
take an elevator,
than climb 30 floors.
Yesss!
Of course, of course.
But what would make
your body stronger?
what would forge your spirit?
the elevator or
climbing up the stairs?
Come on let's go to work.
Oh Lord give me the strength,
well do I have to
wait till Christmas
for someone to help me?
Yeah.... good...
so strong.
Ask and your wish
will be granted,
there's no prayer
that God can't hear.
Can your elevator do this?
I pray to God my child,
that one day
I'll hear the sound
of your voice.
I'm okay.
Don't worry, leftovers
from Malaria.
Go back to work.
Takes as much as he gives.
Ah Mr Steiner returning
to your roots?
You're psychoanalyst now?
How's the girl?
Good but hard to control,
she needs to learn to
exercise some restraint.
She coded yet?
No not yet,
Sebastian stop!
SEBASTIAN!
Sabine!
Hello darling, you look like
you're in fighting form.
Mr Steiner...
I haven't forgotten
your advice sir.
Still knives huh?
Yes.
I've got an assignment for you.
What are we doing here?
We came for him.
Construction.
Where does he come from?
Ukrainian origin former
mercenary in Chechnya,
When I first met him,
he was a mess,
no family no future no...
no purpose.
I took him in gave his life
meaning again,
Shit, this guy is good!
Our guy is the
one getting hit.
What?
Let's go.
Where's the dope you fuck?
we gave you the money,
I want my fucking merchandise.
he whistles, let's kill him!
I gave him 10K in
advance and I'm not
getting fucked
by this ugly cunt.
Game's over sweetheart,
last chance
or you'll be whistling with the
fucking angels.
Where's my money?
No, no no no.
he's fine watch.
Mr Steiner,
you didn't have to interfere
I had the situation
completely under control.
I see that, but I wanted
to introduce you to our
company's newest asset
Sebastian.
Tak
I guess if it's for an official
introduction it's all right.
Good to meet you.
We have an assignment
in Thailand
I'll explain later.
Official?
No.
Private... let's go.
Do-bray
Hail Mary, full of grace,
the Lord is with thee,
blessed is the fruit
of thy womb Jesus,
Hail Mary, Mother of God,
pray for us sinners
now and at the
hour of our death.
Yeah we just landed,
Delgado call you?
any news?
who?
The French,
it's not a problem.
We've got company.
So we still have a lot
to do for our charity,
so I'll give you these and
I'll meet you back
at the chapel okay.
Don't worry, everthing
will be alright.
Womans voice shouts
in a foreign language]
She's in the bedroom, we
just found her in the street.
It's not her.
Well we can do
this the easy way,
or the Sebastian Way.
They won't fit in a suitcase!
Oh yes they will.
Steiner, please have a seat,
Nop, my top tip man,
that intel you gave me on that
French crew was outstanding.
Thanks.
I work with Delgado
from time to time,
when he told me you
were back in the game,
after all this year, I don't
want to miss the show.
You're still working
for Uncle Scam?
he's the only one
who can still afford to pay.
I can arrange that.
But if you want to pay more?
Take care of that thing
I asked you about?
I have a lead, I'll
bring you down tomorrow.
Perfect.
Excuse me, sister, can you
spare a minute
for an old... uh alter boy?
I've got a present for you.
How can I help you?
Well we're here with an NGO
traveling around the
country trying to
assess the needs
uh for institutions
like this for food
and clothing and
medical and school supplies,
things like that and
you can help by uh..
letting us know how many
children you have here,
how many boys, girls what
their ethnic backgrounds are.
They're all God's children,
we don't distinguish
between them here,
we don't always know
where they came from,
but we do know where they
want to go.
Where is that?
To meet their lord and saviour.
Of course.
Have you been
working here long?
Long enough.
So you can help us?
If it is to write down personal
information about my
children I won't do that,
but I can provide a list of our
most urgent needs like
medicine, rice, clothes.
We can do all of that
and much more.
I'm happy to show you.
The dormitories are too small,
The infirmary has to
be entirely rebuilt,
and so do the
sanitation facilities.
Hey there kids.
Hi.
What you guys doing?
you guys drawing?
Yeah.
Cool can I sit 'cuz my knees
kind of hurt?
Yeah.
Thank you, thank you.
You guys want to see
a magic trick?
Yes.
What are you doing?
You need a job as a
a babysitter or what?
Shut up.
Where do you think
you're going? just sit down.
I'm going to...
No you're not going
to your room.
Where's your sister?
I don't have a sister.
Where is your sister?
What do you mean you
don't have a sister,
you know what happens to
little boys who lie?
you know what
happens to them?
okay where's this big girl,
the tall girl?
She's gone.
Come!
Children come here,
the devil is everywhere.
Vassilief, Sebastian, what
do you say we leave
the good Sister here
with her children
and uh we'll come back
another time hey.
You know her?
Why would I know a nun!
I'll tell you one thing,
I don't like her eyes.
and I definitely don't
like the way she moves.
She's just God's slut!
If you want Mr Steiner,
I can take care of her for you.
Not yet... trust me.
she'll have something
for us real soon.
So?
Your Intel's reliable but uh
we're going to have
to come back later
But there's a problem.
Yeah what's that?
there's another man,
seriously interest in our girl,
a russian and he is
not really discreet.
I'll take care of that.
Sister! Sister!
May Lee's gone.
What do you mean she's gone?
All her things are gone.
I didn't have a
family anymore and
she welcomed me,
I had no hope and
she gave me love,
I was filled with rage
and she gave me peace,
I had nothing and I
I found a sister, a mother,
a friend, I cannot say it,
I can only write it,
thank you Gina!
Maya?
Sister, we searched for
May Lee everywhere,
but we couldn't find her.
I'll find her.
Kak de-la?
Who are you?
What am I doing here?
You're not in a position to
be asking any questions.
What's going on?
Let me explain.
You see that tube, with
the tap on the end of it?
it's attached directly to
your femoral artery
so if we open it,
your blood spills out
all over the floor,
but... if you cooperate
we can fill you back up with
fresh healthy blood,
that..... that sound good?
You are insane!
Actually... I'm an artist,
of course I could put
a gun in your mouth,
or go to work on you
with a power drill,
but... no.
no...
you see I invent things,
I create.
So what is your real name
and what are you doing here?
I'm waiting.
Dokan, Cyril Dokan,
and I'm here for business
what kind of business Cyril?
Import, export
Ah Cyril.
Come on now, you know
you can do so
much better than that.
I'm a diplomat I swear,
look at my passport.
Two minutes.
Okay okay I'm looking
for a young woman.
you see
what happens Cyril,
when you're nice, hmm?
Anything else?
No nothing else I, I work
for a friend...
and he's looking for his fiance.
Fucking fiance huh?
Strangle you!
Okay... okay.
I was sent by r.. russian labs,
they want the girl, she
lives in the congregation
in the care of some nun.
A,a,a,a, ah!
Tomorrow we go back
to visit the nun.
She's the key.
Cyril, I'm afraid you no
longer serve any
purpose for me.
Please!
Don't worry,
this won't take long comrade.
Please stop I don't want to die
Have you seen this girl?
No!
Are you sure, it's very
important I find her
she may be in danger!
Bye!
Give me a minute, please.
What!
If we get the girl
back before Steiner,
how about a little bonus?
We have a deal and you
know who Steiner is,
you will do well, by
providing your information but,
do not ever try this
kind of shit on me.
Well hello again sister,
I told you we'd be back.
How kind of you, I have
prayed for your soul.
I'm afraid I'm not sure
I have one of those.
Yeah and I'm an atheist, so.
Sebastian, sister here
is a servant of God,
she preaches
forgiveness isn't
that right sister.
God will forgive any sin if
repentance is sincere,
ask and you shall receive.
I'm afraid I struggle with
sincerity, unless of course
I'm threatening someone
That complicates
things a little.
Enough with the game sister,
where's the girl?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Well I think maybe it's
time for your
confession sister.
Only God has the power.
God and Me
Now where is she?
I don't know who
you're talking about.
]
Where is May Lee?
Where is the girl?
What do we do with her?
Well after the dose
you just gave her,
she doesn't have long.
She'll be dead soon,
she's all yours.
Pretty sexy for a nun.
Me first.
So you know that for sure.
100%
Yes my contact thinks,
she's on the way to the
Burmes border,
I already contact
my friend there.
they're waiting
for you at Chanburi.
I have select the crew
that will go with you.
they're downstair.
And who uh is this?
He is my brother,
He doesn't look
very much like you.
He saved my life, he must more
than blood brother,
and you can trust him.
But can I trust you now,
that's the
important question.
Yes.
Excellent... you better
pray it stays that way.
I don't need to hide anymore.
I'm looking for a young
girl called May Lee.
I will spare whoever
gives me the information
I need, the rest of you,
I will kill.
Who is your boss?
who do you work for?
Touch me one more
time and I'll be
the last thing you
see in this world.
No!... No, no no, NO!
So, do you want to
touch my hair again?
You can if you want.
So soft isn't it.
Okay now that we're
intimate, tell me
who is your boss?
Give me a name
and I leave you alive.
And where can
I find this Nop!
Okay... and where is he now?
You're right, I have to
stop killing people like this.
Thank you.
Just kidding.
Hi honey,
can I go in?
Stop...
you go in?
Yeah...
You can't move?
don't worry it's quite normal,
it's just paralysis,
it's the spinal cord which has
been cut right above the
first thoracic vertebrae,
now where is your BOSS?
Okay.
Come on.
Hi.
Drink.
Do you know who I am?
A walking dead.
I work for the CIA and MI6.
believe me it's overrated.
You work for whoever pays you.
MI6, CIA same shit.
Who the fuck are you huh?
The worst thing that'll
ever happen to you.
You're just a fucking nun!
I was.
Okay now that
introductions are done,
you will answer my questions.
You think you can just
ask me a question and
I'm going to answer?
is that what you think? uhu?
No...
I think you're going to
suffer so much,
that you're going to
answer my questions and
then you'll beg
me to kill you.
Tell me now, why does the
CIA MI6 and three killers
want a little girl?
I can't speak
Don't worry, it's a high-speed
bullet that penetrated between
your pectoral muscle
and the artery behind
your collar bone
it's painful, but not lethal,
You give me
answers and I'll stop,
you hesitate or lie and
I will hurt you
It's Steiner, he
wants the girl,
he's been hunting her for years.
Continue.
Okay... fuck man!
Fuck!
Steiner is involved
with the one of
the largest pharmaceuticals
in the UK,
they're searching a vaccine
for a new virus,
there are billions
of dollar at stake!
it's way too big for you,
you they want to
create a huge pandemic
and make billions
with a vaccine,
They
won't stop there!
What I know, is that
there's mostly an epidemic of
motherfuckers like you,
now tell me where she is.
If you don't tell me
where I'll find her,
I will hurt you,
I know how to do that
it's my job, there are
128 ways to make your
neurological system react
and I know them all.
She... she took the
bus to the South,
near Burmese border,
back to her roots!
But Steiner will get
there before you.
Why did you kill
the children in my church?
It wasn't me,
it was STEINER!
Shit!
Please!
Tell your friends that I will
kill all those who hurt her,
and all those who killed
the children in my church.
their friends, their
friends friends,
I will kill them all,
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
I understand I understand.
You got good news for me?
Are you kidding me? That
fucking nun came to my office,
she shot all my men
and she shot me!
Who the hell is she?
it's a total graveyard here.
Listen you're not
dead so I don't
want to hear your
fucking bitching,
tell me about the girl.
You didn't quite understand
what I just said,
she wants to kill us and you too
and your associates.
I'm not worried about the nun,
I'll take care of her later
Where is the fucking girl?
She had just reached a
small mission at Prachuap.
You're sure about that?
I'm fucking sure!
You asshole!
Yeah?
Tell me when you left
Dying!
More like dead.
Made Pontius Pilate proud sir.
Is that right...
well guess what, she's alive
and well and she just
wiped out half of
Nop's fucking crew!...
It's impossible.
... and she may be
coming for us next!
Let her come I'm ready.
Yeah I am, we'll fucking
take her down sir!
Shut up! both of
you, I'll take care of it!
You fucking people!
WHY!
Captain Keo.
Ominous music continues]
I heard you can organize an
exfiltration for us.
That's possible...
but not from Thailand,
I have to cross the border,
I don't feel like
having the Thai
Army fucking
me in the ass.
Neither would I.
Where then?
Here, in two days.
What kind of cash
are you talking about?
Plenty and if
you're interested in
making some side cash,
I've got this sexy ball breaker
with a tight little ass,
that I'd like you to send
straight to hell for me.
I'm in.
GARR!
Excellent work Sunee,
Nop will be pleased,
you can go.
May Lee, how are
you my old friend?
you remember
me... Uncle Steiner?
How could you forget.
Look at you now, all grown up,
I must say you were a
difficult one to track down.
Do you know how
many men died
trying to find you.
Get a blood sample.
So, you're the fucking nun,
Everyone's so pissed off about!
Don't bother talking,
I have nothing to ask,
I'm paid to kill you
and you going to fucking die.
that's it.
that's enough!
So it's true,
what people say, Burmese
are only good at
killing women and children!
You want to play?
Play mommy and daddy.
Hand me the goddamn granade!
Usually in our culture,
women stay home,
get laaid every night,
hoping to bear sons...
but maybe your God
want to test you
I will give you
your fucking chance,
either you fuck
all my men and you
die from ecstacy, or you
play a little game
with us and you die anyway.
I love games.
Huh! Okay
lets play.
Each one of you has a granade
attached on his body,
the first one who pull
the pin out from his
opponent win.
You don't seem to
understand the game,
the point to place
the granade out of
the reach of your opponent.
When do we start?
Now.
Ka-boom!
Tell your men to back off!
Come on!
That fucking whistle.
Mr Steiner?
it's her! it's a match.
Yes!
YES!
Sebie, Sebie come...
what happened with Vassilief?
why did you kill him?
His whistling got
to my head sir.
You're sick...
...I love it.
Yeah.
I've got some really,
really...
good news for you!
Keo
for Steiner...Keo for Steiner...
Stop!
Stop the car!
Listening.
Steiner wants to know
if everything is okay,
did you catch the bitch?
Mission completed.
Good.
Steiner wants her head.
Copy that.
Bye-bye blonde.
I'm sorry, I know I
shouldn't get used to it.
What are you doing?
I have done all
you asked me to fucking do!
Tighten your thighs and
shut the fuck up!
You cannot do this to me!
You fucking nun!
..... go to Hell!
Don't move, I'll be right back.
Hey my little angel.
Bang!
Oops, he didn't make it.
Come on, we have to go.
Shit.. May Lee !
Check out my girl!
You bring me that bitch nun!
... now!
That fucking nun!
Stop...
don't move.
Okay!
A mute... and a nun...
and you let them get away.
What the hell is
wrong with you?
What! she killed Keo!
Nop said I could trust you.
She not fucking nun,
what aren't you telling us!
Any
more questions huh?
ANYBODY?
What!
Nop sir!
What do you want?
How's the everything going?
Well we're down a few men,
we're going to
need some backup
as soon as possible.
Keo?
Keo..
well...
he's reincarnated.
The nun?
Yeah!
She's a fucking
killing machine.
And she is the
fucking ghost too.
What do you mean?
By my contact at
immigration in Bangkok,
they have nothing on her,
like you say...
a ghost!
Even her fingerprints
are not listed anywhere.
You know her Mr Steiner?
Looks like my past is
coming back to bite
us in the ass.
Steiner...
you there?
Yeah I'm here,
I'm here, listen,
we're going to
need helicopters
and more men.
We're never going
to catch them by car.
What? how the hell am
I supposed to come up
with helicopter?
That's your job you
figure it out, use your
Burmese contacts,
and my brother I want
to talk to him now!
Fuck!
STEINER!
Fucking asshole!
Fucking incompetance!
What?
What Sunni?
Maybe I can help you.
Is that right?
How you going
to do that huh?
I'm listening.
When I was on the
bus with her,
she carried old photograph
with her like a treasure,
I think it's her village,
I had a feeling that she
wanted to go back
I remember the
name of the village,
it's near Ban Ploy.
Well look at you,
you beauty and
some brains too huh!
What were you doing
in Bangkok huh Sunni?
I used to manage
girls.
Is that right.
May Lee?
I was not born this way...
...I never asked for anything
I was programmed,
I wanted to change,
to help others to...
change the world somehow,
I want to protect you,
to protect children,
to...
the children I
will never bear,
but sometimes
words are not enough
and only strength
has the power to change
the course of destiny,
maybe God never forgives
and...
and my hell is
on this Earth,
I don't know if...
your blood is as special
as they seem to think,
but to me you
are special...
and I will never,
let them hurt you
you're like me
when I was a child.
Steiner?
Affirm.
You bring backup?
I brought 10 men here.
Excellent... let's roll.
Last round.
What about Sunni?
She's gone.
Don't move!
Don't worry everything's
going to be fine,
trust me,
everything is going to be okay.
Hello Gina...
finally our paths cross again.
Caged like the wild
animal you are,
Where's May Lee?
That's no longer
your concern,
you've given us quite
a bit of trouble Gina baby.
but I got to admit,
I'm impressed,
you haven't lost
your killer instinct.
Nobody calls me that anymore.
Is that right...
you know life...
life is funny,
you disappear on me
and years later I
track you down all the way
on the other side of the planet.
Did you think you could just
erase your past? huh?
Just...
reinvent yourself?
What triggered you Gina?
What was it that...
made you go rogue?
was it when you gunned down the
Guzman family?
You have the wrong target
please let me explain.
When you annihilated all of
them, including the
little boy.
It was a rotten
assignment, I killed
innocent, for nothing.
So that was your
cross to bear,
the boy,
That's why you took
May Lee in and
raised her as your own,
disguised as a nun?
You're a killing machine,
programmed
to exterminate
nothing more.
Back up...
back up!
We traveled the world
to search for specimens
like you, to carry out
operations that,
governments
didn't want to
be held accountable for.
Your parents abandoned
you when you were
just a child, you
were the precise
prototype we
were looking for,
Sir yes sir!
After that it was
just a matter of...
training and
programming,
giving you your
freedom back.
And Gina...
I'll miss you.
I took you in,
I protected you
like you were
my daughter.
You are not my father,
you robbed me of my life.
I sent you to kill Guzman,
it was me, once I
knew that prick
was going to testify
against us and they
put him in witness
protection in Mexico
I knew you were the
only choice for the
assignment,
and I knew you
would obey in
the blink of an eye.
I gave the order,
I lied to you
now here we are.
Kill me.... but let her go.
We're going to kill
you all right,
with the girl,
she's going to
become our little
lab rat, so we
can study the
properties in her blood,
but I don't want you to think
you're going to
die in vain Gina baby,
oh no,
we're all going to
get very very rich...
NO!
Thanks to our
little guinea pig.
NO!
Get the girl.
Bring the girl in quick.
May Lee...
I wanted you to see
that miracles don't exist,
like your father and
your grandfather
I'm afraid she's
going to die too.
You can talk?
she can talk?
Well that's what I call
some pretty
goddamn good therapy.
So?
Dead.
You
bastard!
God will punish you!
Well if Gina here
couldn't get the job done,
I don't think God
stands much of a chance.
What do we do with her body sir?
Let her rot...
like a dog,
we leave tomorrow,
at 0600, you understand?
I come to free you Gina,
I'm here with a few
Thai commandos,
Gina listen to me, I fed up
being with the wrong
side, the bad guys
and I more try to
be a Steiner slave,
can I find redemption Gina?
Can I?
High speed bullet and
the artery would have...
besides he kill my brother,
we'll take care of
the Burmese Gina,
you do what you
have to do, okay?
So you
didn't abandon me!
Forget about it!
Don't you get it,
Steiner is using you,
just like he used me,
and so many others
before us...
we are
nothing to him,
do you understand?
he's using us.
Speak for yourself,
he loves me
like a daughter!
You fool... you're
so ignorant.
Don't talk to me... like...
that!
But I saw you die!
So wonderful
to hear your voice!
Oh my God!
You saved me!
No.
God saved you.
Run! run to
the forest!
Hey.... stop!
Let's go!
Steiner!
I'm taking her with
me you understand!
You are not going
anywhere with her
and you are not going to hurt
anyone ever again.
Leave her or I will
kill you.
I made you...
you could never kill me.
It's over Steiner!
I decide when it's over.
Not...any...more.
Shit... fucking bitch!
FUCK YOU!
In the name of the Father...
the son...
and the...
HOLY SPIRIT!
Hello how can I help you?
We'd like to see a hematologist.
A few days ago the World
Health Organization
announced a major
Discovery in the
fight against the
epidemics that have
been hitting our
planet for months,
perhaps a beacon
of hope for thousands
Hello?
We know you
ordered Guzman operation.
Who is it?
Repentant.